# Exam December 16th, 2016

##Relations:

Patients (__HistNumber__, SSN, Name, address)

Admissions (__ID__, HistoryN, CodDoctor, Date, Diagnosis)

Doctors (__CodDoctor__, Name, Specialty)


### 1) (1.5 points) Write the necessary SQL sentences for creating the tables. They must include the integrity constraints and the following restrictions:

 * If a patient is deleted, the corresponding admissions' patient will be deleted.
 * A doctor cannot be deleted if there exist admissions associated to him/her in the database.
 * The Social Security Number (SSN) of patients must be unique.
 * The value of the attribute HistoryN in a tuple of Admissions must appear in the primary key of a tutple of Patiens
 * The value of the attribute CodDoctor in a tuple of Admissions must appear in the primary key of a tutple of Doctors

### 2) (1 point) Write a SQL sentence for inserting into the table Doctors the doctors stored in the table New_Doctors (CodDoctor, Name, Specialty) correcponding to the specialty "orthopedic surgery".

### 3) Write the following queries using SQL:

 * (1 point) Show the number of doctors that are pediatric specialists (specialty "Pediatrics"), his(her) name contains 'Ma' and have attended at least one admission.
 * (1.5 points) List the name of patients, the specialties in wich they have been attended and the number of admissions for each of the specialties.
 * (2 points) List the code and the name of the doctors that have attended the minimum number of DISTINCT patients.
 * (2 points) List the history numbers of the patients that have been hospitalized sometime but have never been attended by a pediatric specialist before the 21st of September 2016.


